docs: Improved clarity and grammar in staking documentation (#1842)
celestiaorg/docs: learn/how-to-stake-tia.md

![Gem1](/img/gem/gem1.gif)

> ### :two: Choose the amount of Celestia tokens and search for a validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### :two: Choose the amount of Tia and search for a validator.
```
